DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/net-agent/getting-started/net-agent-compatibility-requirements-net-framework.mdx

  - Getting started
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'APM's .NET agent for .NET Framework applications: compatibility and requirement, and what frameworks are automatically instrumented.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: APM's .NET agent for .NET Framework applications: compatibility and requirement, and what frameworks are automatically instrumented.
```
